INTRODUCTION
------------

This directory contains a sample design with coverage and a complete testplan
written in Excel, Word, or DocBook XML format. It is assumed the testplan XML
file has already been exported from the documentation tool. The XML is imported
into a UCDB file. Some number of simulations are run and their coverage results
are merged with the testplan to create a combined coverage database including
testplan results. These results are then used to generate an HTML report which
can be viewed on any JavaScript-enabled browser.

SETUP
-----

The user must have ModelSim or Questa (version 10.0 or later) in his $PATH.

USAGE
-----

Use the following steps, in order, to run this example:

1) Type the following command to compile the design:

      make compile

   This need only be done once unless the design is changed or the work directory
   is deleted. The design source is in the "src" directory.

2) Type one of the following commands to run the simulations:

      make run    (to run only the directed tests)
      make run10  (to run a total of 10 tests)
      make run20  (to run a total of 20 tests)
      make run60  (to run a total of 60 tests)

   This will run a total of 10, 20, or 60 simulations. The first seven are
   directed tests which are included with the design source. The remaining
   tests (3, 13, or 53) are random tests run with different seeds. Each test
   generates a UCDB coverage database file containing the coverage results of
   that particular test. This need only be done once unless the UCDB files
   have been deleted.

3) [Optional] Type the following command to rank the tests:

      make results.rank

   This will generate a "results.rank" file listing the tests in the order of
   their coverage effectiveness.

4) Type one of the following commands to import the testplan and merge the
   simulation coverage results into a single database:

      make docbook  (from DocBook/XmlMind)
      make excel    (from Microsoft Excel)
      make word     (from Microsoft Word)

   Each of these commands imports testplan data from the named source into
   a testplan UCDB file and merges this testplan with the simulation results
   to generate a "results.ucdb" coverage database file. This command will also
   generate a "results.dump" file which is a testinfo report on the testplan
   heirarchy.

   Each of these commands may be run in succession but each deletes the UCDB
   testplan file generated by the other commands in this group. This is due
   to the fact that a wildcard is used in the merge command so the Makefile
   doesn't have to know how many tests were actually run. The testinfo dump
   file is saved in a unique name for each testplan type.

5) [Optional] Type the following command to generate an HTML coverage report:

      make report

   You can view the report by pointing a web browser at covreport/index.html.

6) [Optional] Type the following command to generate a triage report:

      make triage

   You can view the report triage.report.

6) [Optional] The generated files can be cleaned up by any of the following
   commands:

      make clean_tp   (deletes testplan files)
      make clean_res  (deletes merge/rank and testplan files)
      make clean      (deletes all generated files)

   Latter commands reference those above (ie: "make clean" will delete all
   generated files).

NOTES
-----

1) The XML files in the "xml" directory have been re-formatted with xmllint to
   make them easier to view with a text editor. This does not affect the data
   contents of the files.
